vanna for Eastern Time time for a check
of today's news headlines Alex wood
joins us from the MSNBC studios in New
York good morning Alex good sleep will
track that and the big storm for the
weekend coming up next
all right thanks Jenna I appreciate it
smoke billowed into the night and
suburban Potomac Maryland find out why a
lack of water made a job of putting out
the flames even more difficult and
dramatic video shows a cruise ship
tossed around off the tip of South
America
this is video you don't want to miss the
incredible stories and interview
straight welcome back into your there
today I don't know maybe it makes us
feel better that it's not only us who
are suffering through this week with the
winter weather as well hopefully makes
them feel better - it's a mess with a
cold in the snow across really much of
the eastern US as well as overseas in
New York we'll talk about that another
gripping story they're coming out of the
Antarctic this morning it's the fate of
this cruise ship here 160 people on
board the ship was hit by a huge wave
we're watching it walk around there a
huge wave hit it we're gonna talk with
them coming it's seriously making me
nauseous that big plus a big step for
space aviation Wednesday SpaceX
successfully launched and re-entered the
Dragon spacecraft at Cape Canaveral
we're gonna hear from Sir Richard
Branson about the future of commercial
space travel because he's big on that
that's right now space troubles or how
well travel troubles they do continue
and you are up with this latest winter
storm we're gonna have a live update
actually but what's going on with the
snow not just in Paris but also into
York I feel bad for people to save their
whole life up and now to have no snow
over in Europe at night beautiful
maybe you saved up your whole life to go
to Minneapolis we want to take you there
yeah thanks for that all right good to
hear we're coming up next we're back to
the digital media center to find out
what's on weather calm and we're ready
for a white Christmas it's almost five
minutes past the hour time for a check
of today's news headlines
Alex Witte joins us now from MSNBC in
New York good morning Alex we're coming
up and got your weather headlines yeah
plus we are heading to Syracuse where
record setting snow is making scenes
during our breaks weather complex ym ET
for a live look at what we're doing
doing commercials
and smoke billowed into the night in
Maryland find out why a lack of running
water made the job of putting out the
flames even more difficult and dramatic
video shows a cruise ship tossed around
I can't even look at the video it makes
me nauseous this is off the Antarctic
Peninsula the incredible story is
straight ahead today
Southern California is looking pretty
good these days some people like all
this messy weather but the story that we
are following also is a gripping story
out of Antarctica this morning we're
gonna take you into these huge waves
that crashed into this cruise ship 150
people on board
it'll make you seasick if you don't like
well who likes being seasick but if you
can't handle it don't look it really is
dramatic footage we're going to talk
more about the story coming up plus one
stall small step for man one giant lead
for SpaceX successfully they launched
and re-entered the Dragon spacecraft at
Cape Canaveral you're gonna hear from
Sir Richard Branson on the future of
commercial space travel and we're
talking cold to travel troubles and cold
in Europe but this latest winter storm
we're gonna have a live update but it's
going on in London and yet the Eiffel
Tower does go in there you can barely
see it here I'll sketch it out for you
basically it goes up like that oh and
then that's a Triomphe there you go
alright well let's have a look at
Minneapolis and see if we can see
anything on earth and so to come we were
going back to the digital media center
to check out what's on whether comm you
know what we're waiting for a way pass
to your time for checkup today's news
headlines
Alex book joins us from n missin MSNBC
in New York good morning Alex will tell
you we're in the planner
watching these so you can dramas okay no
I mean I don't want to you know make it
more of a deal than it is but I'm
telling you the winds are gonna be
really bad yeah the wind of the wind
might be worse than the snow yeah I
think the cold is we have teens all the
way down to Florida so that's what I
call in an i lease we have a chat to on
whether I come tomorrow from one two
three step for people to ask the
questions all right Jen thanks to that
coming up next smoke billowed into the
night of Maryland find out why a lack of
running water made the job of putting
out the flames even more difficult and
dramatic video shows this cruise ship
being tossed around off the Antarctic
Peninsula the incredible story is
straight ahead
Chicago and Atlanta we had it this
morning 5 degrees in Chicago all right
and that's going to continue it's only
going to get even worse here as we head
into the week next week we're in a
detail those temperatures coming up and
we got a couple of stories we're
tracking for you along with the cold
we're also looking at another gripping
story coming out of the Antarctic this
morning the fate of this cruise ship you
can see these huge waves knocked around
this thing you need Dramamine to watch
this video we're gonna have more of the
story coming up that's one small step
for man one giant leap for space X they
successfully launched and re-entered the
Dragon spacecraft that thing they're out
of Cape Canaveral we're gonna hear from
Sir Richard Branson about the future of
commercial space travel and travel
troubles continue in Europe with this
latest winter storm here we're gonna
have an update in a moment the Eiffel
Tower is it behind here four inches of
snow in Paris yeah you can barely see it
no snow right now into Minneapolis but
cold enough to snow that's yes he's
wearing paper I think he's trying to do
a whole paper free thing right pay for a
free magazine the digital media center
to find out what's on weather calm and
we